- certainly - cut it UK in this session
we're taking a look at the van Gogh a
tigress 800 XL this is an improvement on
last year's tigress 800 with an extra
bit of space inside and also some larger
windows and some other great extra
features as well just to improve the
overall standard of living inside the
tent so then the extra features we've
got the material this year has a
hydrostatic head a 4,000 so it's
phenomenally waterproof going to keep
you really nice and dry inside also the
flame retardancy on here is well really
going to keep your family nice and safe
and inventive of fire we've also got
nice large open doorways on here as well
so we obviously with the kids makes it
really easy to get in and out and
obviously all these doors as well have
those fly net measure linings on just to
keep the bugs out but obviously still
maximizing that airflow so let me go
inside to take a closer look at some of
these features and also get a better
feel for the tent so here inside the
tigress 800 you can see they really have
maximized at the amount of space in here
currently only does have one of its pods
or two of its Poinsett towards the back
normally does have another set of pods
towards that front section of the door
however does give you great versatility
depending on how you want to orientate
your sleeping arrangements the pods
themselves have some really great
features in them as well actually hung
independently away from the external fly
sheet really maximizes the amount of
airflow around the pods we're going to
cut down condensation also create a nice
climate with inside the the pod itself
also a couple that with the mesh panel
at the back and also the mesh panels on
the doors here as well so a great amount
of air circulation inside there really
keeping you nice and comfortable we've
also got a blackout material on the pod
itself on the upper part so again really
helping you sleep at night cut out all
that external light over the bottom
section does have a lighter material on
so it does illuminate the bottom section
of the pod a little bit more so if you
do need to hunt around for things during
the night there's making that a little
bit easier well it's a section of
pockets inside there as well to stash a
little bits and pieces you need
throughout the night and the nice large
doorway makes it really easy
to get in and out we're not using the
doorway as we can see here all folds
down tucks into a little stash pocket in
the corner so tucks everything away nice
and neatly obviously saves you having to
roll everything back and pin it back
when you want to get in and out of the
sleeping pod so a really great little
handy feature what's about it Spellman
around the outside of here as well just
hides all those cables and ties around
the back there so just ties everything
up and we also got some pockets dotted
at the lower parts of those as well so
again some great little stash points
another benefit of the van Gogh tent
range as well is this TBS system they
have inside this is a tension band
system they use so when it's slightly
windy outside or the winds kicking up
instead of the whole tent moving around
too much we have these bands in here now
don't need these all the time so
obviously when it is windy pop them up
when you don't need them there's a
little quick or at least clip at the top
here
she just unclips and then fold this all
up I think there's a little stash pouch
just behind the pallet on the side here
so that's all tucked away nice and
neatly when you don't need it but a real
great handy little feature to have
obviously when the weather turns a
little bit nasty so move around to the
other side one of the features we didn't
mention before is the nice large window
so they've also increased the number of
windows in here as well so we've got two
large ones on each side really do
maximize the amount lights inside here
so to read doesn't make it really nice
and comfortable
you've also obviously got the blinds
there as well which zip up giving that
extra bit of privacy
what's with the large doors as well
really utilize the amount of spaces to
get into the tent the large door towards
the front one on that side and also one
on the other side there as well we've
also got some really great handy storage
pockets dotted around so a real great
place to popper your little bits and
pieces when you need them and obviously
when you need to get stuff it's
obviously right where you want it so
another great added feature they've
included this year as well is these
lower level vents I've got them dotted
underneath all the larger windows inside
here with a dome structure on the
external section of 10 this helps
channel all the air up inside from the
lower levels through these mesh panels
and then all this lovely fresh clean air
come
inside the 10 this is going to lower
down any condensation and also make a
nice environment with inside the tent
itself to make it nice and comfortable
the ground sheet stitched right into the
external fly here with this bathtub
style design to curves up around the
sides there it's going to stop any of
that water or dirt from getting in and
also help prevent any of those insects
from getting inside as well so really
does make for comfortable living so
fantastic space inside there here more
than enough room for the whole family
this is the tigris 800 XL from Van Gogh
you